[EN]
app_name: Settings
menu_language: Language
menu_network: Network
w_language_name: Language
w_language_lang_select: Language:
w_language_save: Save
w_network_name: Network:
w_network_adress: Adress:
w_network_netmask: Netmask:
w_network_password: W-LAN
w_network_probing: Probing...
w_network_up: Internet is up
w_network_down: Internet is down
w_wlan_name: W-LAN
w_wlan_network: Network
w_wlan_encryption: Encryption:
w_wlan_prekey: Key
w_wlan_connect: connect
w_wlan_connected: connected

[DE]
app_name: Einstellungen
menu_language: Sprache
menu_network: Netzwerk
w_language_name: Sprache
w_language_lang_select: Sprache:
w_language_save: Speichern
w_network_name: Netzwerk
w_network_adress: Adresse:
w_network_netmask: Netzmaske:
w_network_password: W-LAN
w_network_probing: Testen...
w_network_up: Internet verbunden
w_network_down: Internet getrennt
w_wlan_name: W-LAN
w_wlan_network: Netzwerk:
;UL
w_wlan_encryption: Verschl&uuml;sselung:
w_wlan_prekey: Schl&uuml;ssel
w_wlan_connect: Verbinden
w_wlan_connected: Verbunden
